[DOCU-2518] Konnect login session duration (#5214)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/auth.md

* Set up [Okta integration](/konnect/org-management/okta-idp)
* View {{site.konnect_saas}} [teams and roles](/konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles)
* [Map Okta groups to {{site.konnect_short_name}} teams](/konnect/org-management/okta-idp/#map-roles-to-groups)

## Login session duration

A login session adheres to the following session duration limits:

* **Individual token duration:** 30 minutes
* **Refresh token duration:** 60 minutes
* **Overall session duration:** 12 hours

This means that a login session can last 12 hours at maximum, as long as the user is active every 60 minutes.

> After 12 hours, the user will have to re-authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After 12 hours, the user will have to log in again.
```
Could just be my personal preference, and I'm not sure if this is accurate, because would this also apply to system accounts or PATs where you don't log in really?

Author: I don't think that auth with PATs is part of this 🤔 because using a PAT doesn't open a session. You have to use the PAT to perform every action. So your phrasing is correct.
